Create/pytest for function c0 (#724)
rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator: CHANGELOG.md

- A logging.warning (`C1.check_emission_factor_of_providers()`) in case any of the providers has a renewable share of 100 % but an emission factor > 0, also added tests (#714, #706)
- Info on maximum emissions constraint benchmark test to RTD (#714, #706)
- Verification for maximum emissions contraint in `E4.maximum_emissions_test()`, also added tests (#714, #706)

> - Added pytests for the function 'C0_data_processing.py'(#705)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added pytests for the function 'C0.compute_timeseries_properties()' (#705)
```
The specific function that you checked should be mentioned explicitly.
